
# Week of 10/02/2022 - 10/9/2022

## Meeting Start Time
2022/10/08/12:00
## Meeting End Time
2022/10/08/12:47

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jared,Desiree,Noah,Joah

## Minute Recorder

Jared

## Topics Discussed
* Recap of mentor meeting
* We will make an SDK for the MoneyTree API, make a backend that connects to the API and implements the user roles and database, use some kind of SQL database, and have a Vue frontend
* We can't fully develop requirements until we have another client meeting
	* This will be either Monday or Tuesday
	* Must do what we can now with the Domain Model and Business Requirements
* Business Requirements
	* Advisors should be able to create blog posts and publish them for investors to view.
	* Investors should be able to view blog posts that have been created by Advisors.
		* Last two will be part of the same system based on roles, sort of like a lite version of WordPress
	* Advisors and Investors should have a way to differentiate blog posts based on content.
		* We can use a tagging system to implement this in the functional requirements and features
	* Administrators should be able to highlight curated content.
		* This can use the tagging system or we can implement a "Recommended" feature
	* Administrators should be able to remove content.
		* There can be a simple button to do this
	* Investors should be able to request one-on-one financial coaching from Advisors.
	* Advisors should be able to coach investors in one-on-one sessions.
		* We have to clarify further on what the advising will be, either just a Zoom session or something on the site itself
	* Administrators should be able to moderate financial coaching sessions.
		* This will also need clarification so we can figure out implementation
	* Advisors should be able to add API-driven content to their blog posts.
		* These will use the MoneyTree API to create calculations and recommendations that we use to display graphically on the frontend
* Domain Model
	* Use the API model defined on the documentation page in conjunction with our own model for users and roles
	* We can start on this, but it may be better to wait in case the direction of the project changes
		* We will figure out for sure at the client meeting


## Things Clarified
* Will meet again on Monday or Tuesday with the client to clarify problems with design documents
	*	From there, we will make the documents, meet with the mentor, and then the client once again to ensure that the design documents are correct
	*	Keeping assignments made in the in-class meeting on the 6th
*	We should all look into .NET and Vue since those are being used in the project 
