# Team Meeting 11/25/2022

## Meeting Start Time
2022/11/25/15:03
## Meeting End Time
2022/11/25/15:29

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jared,Desiree,Noah,Joah

## Minute Recorder

Jared

## Topics Discussed
* What has each person been working on?
  * Jared
    * Working on getting favoriting to work
    * Working on getting tag searching working on the backend
  * Des
    * Working on the frontend calculators
    * Will work on getting searching on the frontend when Jared is finished
  * Noah
    * Working on logging in system
  * Joah
    * Working on logging in system
* We need to communicate with the clients or Ryland to get tokens for authentication
  * Will do that at next Mentor meeting or Client meeting if Ryland cannot get us tokens
* Still need to get styling guidelines
* One of us needs to create a PR
* Must communicate if we have a problem
  * For now everyone is fine

## Things Clarified
* Jared will continue to work on favoriting and search
* Des will keep working on the frontend calculators and work with Jared once the searching part is done
* Noah and Joah will continue working on login system
* Need to get tokens from Ryland and styling from MoneyTree
