# Meeting During Class 10/06/2022

## Meeting Start Time
2022/10/06/09:30
## Meeting End Time
2022/10/06/10:06

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jared,Desiree,Noah,Joah

## Minute Recorder

Jared

## Topics Discussed
* Many things due on Wednesday
	* Go through each one and discuss what needs to be done
	* We need to meet another time before Sunday
		* We can meet Saturday at noon to discuss what information we are given during a mentor meeting that will be held on Friday after 5
	* Architecture
		* Currently don't know enough about the project to do this task
		* Will learn more information during mentor meeting on Friday
			* Wait until after mentor meeting to decide who will do this
	* Business Requirements
		* Mentor already has ideas
		* Will discuss this during mentor meeting and possibly complete during the meeting
		* Minutes will be noted during the meeting, when discussion turns to business requirements, the notes can be turned into the file needed for this assignment
	* Domain Model
		* During the mentor meeting on Friday, clarify domain information gained during client meeting 
		* Joah will make the diagram
	* First Iteration Requirements
		* Mentor will get us in the project management software Jira
			* From there, add requirements
		* This should be the last thing done during the meeting
	* Design meeting with client
		* This should be done last
	* Design meeting with mentor
		* This should be done SECOND to last
	* Design day presentation
		* This will be the presentation in class for all of these materials
		* During a later team meeting, we can discuss who will present what
	* Prototype
		* We can ask Ryland to see what the frontend already looks like during the meeting with him so we can accurately portray that in Figma
			* Will also ask how the API responses will look on the frontend
		* Desiree will work on learning and then making the Figma file
	* Requirements
		* These are for ALL iterations
		* Will be done after getting the business requirements
		* Whoever makes these should check in with Ryland to make sure they are sufficient
		* Joah will make the draft versions that we will all give input on to complete
	* TechStack
		* We will be told what we will be using during the meeting with Ryland on Friday
		* Noah will take this
	* Use Cases
		* This should be done after the business requirements but before the functional and nonfunctional ones
		* Once again, this will be done after the meeting with Ryland on Friday
		* Jared will work on this
	* Once all of these are done, we will review them as a team before showing Ryland and Matthew Garrett


## Things Clarified
* Joah will take the Domain Model and Requirements assignments
* Desiree will take the Prototype
* Noah will take the Tech Stack assignment
* Jared will take the Use Cases assignment
* The remaining assignments will be done or assigned during the meeting with Ryland on Friday
* We will meet with Ryland on October 7th after 5 pm
* Continue talking with Ryland even after the meeting to clarify our progress on each assignment
* We can prepare the presentation for Design Day after we are all done