 # Team Meeting 03/31/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/03/31/13:01
## Meeting End Time
2023/03/31/13:34

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jared,Desiree,Noah,Joah

## Minute Recorder

Jared

## Things Clarified
* Access to Vestorly API is coming soon, work through documentation and mock routes for now
* Connection to MoneyTree API is ready, we just need to set it up so we can use the data

## Topics Discussed
* What needs to be done?
  * Connecting Vestorly API to our backend
    * Vestorly will send a bunch of content that we can put into the database
    * Will we need something for the frontend?
      * Possibly a way for Advisors to connect their account and publish their own content
    * Will get API keys from Matthew Garrett to log into Vestorly, pull content, and put into the system
    * Should we store the Advisor's information?
      * Will probably have to ask the client
  * Connecting our survey response to the MoneyTree API
    * Store response in database
    * Display the response from their API
    * Use a graph library to show the results more clearly
* Who can do what?
  * Joah and Noah can do the MoneyTree API
  * Jared can work on the Vestorly connection and backend/database stuff
  * Des can work on the styling and graphing
* What is currently blocking us?
  * Still need Vestorly credentials

## Tasks Distributed
* Jared
  * Will work on the backend and persistence part of the MoneyTree connection, will work on Vestorly part when the credentials come
* Desiree
  * Will work on styling and the graphing aspect
* Joah
  * Will work on connection to MoneyTree API
* Noah
  * Will work on MoneyTree API connection with Joah
