# Client Meeting on 02/06/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/02/06/16:31
## Meeting End Time
2023/02/06/17:04

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jared,Desiree,Noah,Joah,Ryland,Matthew,Patrick Spencer

## Minute Recorder

Jared

## Topics Discussed
* Started with showcase/use of software
  * They used it easily, with minor issues regarding button placement and size as well as timezone display
  * Thought the UI looked good
  * Asked for us to make popup panels with more information about appointments like the description and meeting link
* Feedback
  * Most requests are for the next iteration, the only exception being the popup displays and button issues
  * They want the site to only show a week in advance rather than 30 days
  * They want Advisors to create the meeting link and description rather than Investor
* Next iteration features
  * Focus on financial planning
  * Will add aforementioned features to appointment page
  * Will update calculators to follow what the new API will be
  * Financial planning should consist of an Investor making a financial plan and an Advisor being able to view the plan
    * That way the appointments page will get more use, as Investors will need feedback on their plans
  * Will follow the requirements made back before Iteration One
* Overall
  * High praise, they said we fulfilled all of their requirements for this iteration
  * Said the UI was good besides some issues with buttons and time display
  * Next iteration should be updates to previous features and the addition of financial planning

## Things Clarified
* Loved this iteration
* Appointments follow all of their requirements
* Enjoyed the UI
* Will focus on financial planning and feature updates for the next iteration

# Client Use of the Project
## How did the client use the software?
The client used the software as we expected them to. Using the Zoom Remote Control feature, both Matthew Garrett and Patrick Spencer used the software. 
Given that both were already familiar with our features for this iteration, they navigated the UI and used the features we made without issue.
## What features did they test in your software?
They tested the following features:
* Making available times as an Advisor
* Requesting an appointment as an Investor
* Accepting an appointment as an Advisor
* Rejecting an appointment as an Advisor
* Canceling an appointment as an Advisor
* Canceling an appointment as an Investor
* Editing the parameters of an appointment as an Investor
* Deleting an available time as an Advisor
## How long did they use your software?
They used the software for ten minutes. It was not split up into any organization, they just used features as they saw them.
## How was their reaction to the software?
They were very impressed, both Patrick and Matthew said that everything is to their liking. They said that what we have shown them is exactly what they wanted for this iteration.
## Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
The buttons are rather small right now, so there were a few times where it was hard for them to click something. The lag from Zoom Remote Control didn't help with that, either.
They were also a bit confused about the dates, as nothing currently indicates timezone.
## Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
Other than the issues with the button sizes and the timezone display, they only gave feedback about additional features for the next iteration. 
For example, they want the Advisor to make the meeting link and write the description for the meeting.

They also stated that they want us to make popup displays for information regarding the appointment, like the description.
