# Client Meeting on 03/20/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/03/20/15:30
## Meeting End Time
2023/03/20/16:04

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jared,Desiree,Noah,Joah,Ryland,Matthew Garrett,Patrick Spencer,Rand

## Minute Recorder

Jared

## Topics Discussed
* Started with showcase/use of software
  * Enjoyed UI
  * Thought that the display was simple and kept the user's attention
  * Requested a progress bar and note of question count
  * Approved changes for Appointment page
* Feedback
  * Wanted progress bar for questions and requested us to store responses on our own backend rather than theirs
  * Were scared that users could leave without finishing if there was no question count
  * Noticed that answers didn't save when going back to older questions
* Next iteration features
  * Refining previous features
  * Will work on integrating Vestorly and MX
  * Setting up eFinPlan for deployment on AWS hopefully
  * May get SMTP access?
* Overall
  * Praised our work
  * Said we nailed the presentation of the questions
  * Just need to update our backend to store the user's responses for Advisors to look at
  * Add progress bar and question count

## Things Clarified
* Follows all their requirements
* They love the UI
* Requested progress bar, question counter, and for us to store the responses for Advisors to look at

# Client Use of the Project
## How did the client use the software?
The client used the software just as we expected. We used the Zoom Remote Control feature so that both Matthew Garrett and Patrick Spencer could take turns using the software.
They were familiar with our progress on this iteration, so they were somewhat knowledgeable of what to do. There were no issues besides their requests as put above.
## What features did they test in your software?
They tested the following features:
* Answering a question
* Answering the conditional subquestions
* Navigating forwards and backwards between questions
* Changing answers to questions
* Submitting the form
* Viewing the response
* Seeing the seven-day view on the Appointments page
## How long did they use your software?
They used the software for about ten minutes. Each answered the form.
## How was their reaction to the software?
They were pleased, both clients that tested said that everything is good. They stated that what we did was exactly what they wanted.
## Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
They were slightly concerned that because users don't know how long the form is, they might just abandon the form in the middle. Hence, they requested the progress bar and question counter.
## Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
Unlike what we were told before, their API is not ready for us to submit the user's responses. So, they requested that our backend store the responses instead of it being entirely frontend.
