# Client Meeting on 04/17/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/04/17/15:31
## Meeting End Time
2023/04/17/15:56

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jared,Desiree,Noah,Joah,Ryland,Matthew Garrett,Patrick Spencer,Rand

## Minute Recorder

Jared

## Topics Discussed
* Started with showcase/use of software
  * Like the UI
    * Graph X-axis should clearly show the client's age
  * Results are expected, uses their API correctly
  * Impressed with the Google Lighthouse results
  * Likes the analysis feedback
    * Clearly explains the response from the API
  * Thinks that the feedback and graph helps the client understand what they need to plan for
  * Leads into the appointment functionality well
* Feedback
  * Likes the UI
  * Wants the X-axis on the graph to show the client's age rather than just years in advance
  * Very impressed with accessibility coverage from Google Lighthouse
* Overall
  * Thankful that we got the questions that they wanted added
  * Really liked the graph and feedback, aside from the axis issue
  * Thinks we did a great job with accessibility

## Things Clarified
* Follows all of their requirements
* They really like the UI
* Requested update to the graph X-axis

# Client Use of the Project
## How did the client use the software?
The client used the software exactly as we expected. We used the Zoom Remote Control feature so that both Matthew Garrett and Patrick Spencer could take turns using the software.
They answered the questions as they did with last iteration, including the questions we added.
They looked at the results and graph the way we expected; when you view the results of a form it shows the API response in a readable and visual format.
## What features did they test in your software?
They tested the following features:
* Answering the new questions
* Viewing the API response from the results of the submitted form
* Viewing the graph from the submitted form
* Logging in as an Advisor to view all submissions and their analyses
* Using Google Lighthouse to view accessibility percentage
## How long did they use your software?
They used the software for about ten minutes. Each answered the form. They answered the form a few different times to check for value changes in the analysis.
## How was their reaction to the software?
They were pleased, as both of the clients that tested it said that everything follows their requirements. They said we did what they wanted, and went above and beyond with accessibility.
## Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
They had similar issues that Ryland did with the size of the graph, and as said before they didn't like that the X-axis only showed years, rather than years plus the user's age.
## Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
They thought the graph was a little too small and that the X-axis needed to be clearer for what it is representing.
