
# Mentor Meeting 10/07/2022

## Meeting Start Time
2022/10/07/05:10
## Meeting End Time
2022/10/07/10:06

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Jared,Desiree,Noah,Joah,Ryland

## Minute Recorder

Jared

## Topics Discussed
* Project is technically two
	* First one is an SDK that acts as a library to access the various parts of the MoneyTree Plan API
	* Second is a web app that uses the SDK in the backend
* Tech Stack
	* .NET v6 backend
	* Vue frontend
	* 
* Architecture
	* Monolithic
	* Layered model
		* Presentation is the Vue frontend
		* Business layer is the controller methods
		* Persistence layer are the model definitions
	* Single repo
* Domain Model
	* Look at API example input and output models
* Business Requirements
	* User roles
		* Advisors
			* Coaches, content creators
		* Investors
			* End users, coming on platform to get financial coaching with advisors
			* Can also be getting curated content about financial advising
		* Administrator/Moderator
			* Curate content and provide community oversight
	* Leverage the API calculations from MoneyTree Total to enhance content on the site
		* For example, graphing out future investments from the result of calling financialgoals
	* Advisors should be able to create blog posts and publish them for investors to view.
	* Investors should be able to view blog posts that have been created by Advisors.
	* Advisors and Investors should have a way to differentiate blog posts based on content.
	* Administrators should be able to highlight curated content.
	* Administrators should be able to remove content.
	* Investors should be able to request one-on-one financial coaching from Advisors.
	* Advisors should be able to coach investors in one-on-one sessions.
	* Administrators should be able to moderate financial coaching sessions.
	* Advisors should be able to add API-driven content to their blog posts.
* Domain Model
	* Based on API definitions [here](https://totalapi.moneytree.com/docs/Calculations.html)


## Things Clarified
* Will meet later with clarification from client that we are on the right track
* Will work on business requirements and domain model definitions
	* Meeting as a team on Saturday to do this